what's going on fellas this is gonna be
the third section on scouting and player
growth and this section is gonna be
dedicated to send it back so Lee and I
gotta explain a few key things real
quick but as you know we'll review the
player stats before May and in the place
that's after May then finally take a a
review of the player stats at full
potentials and this is the place right
here two searches of Senate bags and
I'll explain this real quick a
physically strong center back is the
only possible way that you can find a
center bag that's one possible way and
he starts at 48 to 50 overall and
potential 87 to 93 the other one is a
playmaker 76 to 90 potential 41 247
overall and a key note that you gotta
know is in FIFA 15 you cannot find a
centre-back that's a defensive minded
player which just doesn't make any sense
that's absolutely the correct search if
they would have had it in the game but
they completely took it out from FIFA 13
if I remember correctly in FIFA 13 they
had it possible where you could search
for Center backs as defensive minded
players but these are the only two
possible means of finding Center bags
from the youth academy or through the
scout network the first player's name is
Clement swab I said it wrong but you
know you gotta excuse me for that I just
had to try say his name 48th overall and
if you look at his physicals head
strengthens his friends started starts
at a pretty good level interceptions
Attack Position look pretty similar
finishing is pretty high and if I
remember correctly I will say it again
these guys were supposed to be tall
strikers who were strong and had good
finish and good shot power and pretty
good interceptions and they just
completely messed it up and flip though
the positions and converted them in the
center backs and then he took out the
defensive minded searches it doesn't
make any sense look at Danny vas and
he's pretty it has a good four he has a
good physical sport strength high
interceptions high vision high tech
positioning and he's actually supposed
to be a cm converted to a center back
and by the time they get to their full
potential potential you see the the
drastic difference between those two
players development and they have
completely difference that it's not
remotely identical maybe some stats look
similar here and there but it just
doesn't make any sense those were to
play the review of the play stats before
May and this is
the may and this is on the 1st of may as
they're about to receive a boost and
overall and the potential stays the same
until they get promoted to the first
team and then their potentials changes
and the potentials potentials change you
can see Schwab is 67 to 71 overall
potential is still the same and you look
at the future projection on that stack
and that right there is what he will
look like by the time he gets to his
full potential the first part is when
his current overall might look like and
in the first the second part is what his
full potential might look like once he
gets to it then you saw it on those two
players right there and will review
their stats after May so this is in May
when they received the boost and the
highest rated player is a physically
physically strong player and you can see
he starts at 71 81 strength so in the
Academy he started at a pretty low
overall and based on his potential he
received a lot of physical boost so his
overall was pretty loaned Academy that
explains why his physicals to begin with
it's pretty good and you could pretty
much have him on your first team because
if you compare this guy to most
real-life young players in FIFA they
they are at pretty similar levels and he
has potential to be special Danny vas is
only at 61 overall and look at his stats
right here compared to Schwab it's
completely different and look at that
interception look at that attack
positioning and look at that vision so
those will be in the 90s by the time he
gets the 80 rated play which is just
stupid his defensive stats did receive a
lot of boost and but it's still there's
still a gap between his attack instead
his passing stat compared to his
defensive stat as a centre-back he's an
exciting prospect and I'll show you the
first squad report when they were
promoted before me and then the second
squad report when they were promoted
after May so you see the two contrasting
differences you can see Schwabe was
promoted and he was a 49 overall on the
first Scout squad report and his
physicals are starting to go up which is
a future projection of how he's gonna
grow and it doesn't really say the full
thing cuz they might stop growing in
their physicals once they get to a
certain level 43 overall Danny Vaz and
that's at a reasonable level is
physicals and other stats are going up
and if you see look at this squad report
right here after May his physicals did
not go up a single
because he's already at the default
level or even above it where he's
supposed to be at based on his potential
so his physicals won't ever go up maybe
one or two points once he gets to 20 21
years of age because that's when they
peak and you can see Danny vans ain't
gonna go up either cuz he's on 62
overall and when they started that high
over at 16 based on their potentials
they will not grow on their physicals at
all and that's the the two differences
between promoting place before and after
meso promoting before me is the the best
way look at Schwab at 90 overall take a
look at his physicals you see he had 81
strength to begin with its strength is
at 98 now by the time he's 90 rated at
29 and his defensive stats is pretty
good and some of his attacking stats
stop growing a long time ago as I said
last episode players have a certain age
limit where when they hit that other
stats other stats and other categories
will stop growing so if you take a look
at his interceptions most of his stats
hasn't really gone up but this was just
a many demonstration of what their stats
will look like based on for once they
get to full potential look at Danny vas
if you compare his stats to a Schwab
it's completely different look at the
interception vision everything says he's
supposed to be a cm dribbling is in the
90s as a centre-back finishing his 72
heading everything is pretty high in the
greens his defensive stats have
retracted themselves after a long
stretch but you see he's only growing on
his the stats that count more towards
his overall so those two players right
there or the only possible way that she
can search for center backs and this has
been the second the second actually a
third position of demonstration on this
series of play reviews and place that
you can find from the youth academy so
next episode I'll have CDMS and we'll
continue from there if you guys enjoyed
the video if you want to leave a like on
the video below I'll see you fellas
later and it's very much appreciated